Which Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) standard covers wireless LANs?
802.11

What series of Special Publications does the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) produce that covers information systems security activities?
800

Which one of the following is an example of a business-to-consumer (B2C) application of the Internet of Things (IoT)?
Health monitoring

Which one of the following principles is NOT a component of the Biba integrity model?
Subjects cannot change objects that have a lower integrity level.

Bill is conducting an analysis of a new IT service. He would like to assess it using the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model and would like to learn more about this framework. What organization should he turn to for the official definition of OSI?
International Organization for Standardization (ISO)

Which term describes any action that could damage an asset?
Threat

Tim is implementing a set of controls designed to ensure that financial reports, records, and data are accurately maintained. What information security goal is Tim attempting to achieve?
Integrity

Which risk is most effectively mitigated by an upstream Internet service provider (ISP)?
Distributed denial of service (DDoS)

Which one of the following is NOT a good technique for performing authentication of an end user?
Identification number

What is NOT generally a section in an audit report?
System configurations

What is NOT a valid encryption key length for use with the Blowfish algorithm?
512 bits

The ___________ is the central part of a computing environment's hardware, software, and firmware that enforces access control.
security kernel

Ann is creating a template for the configuration of Windows servers in her organization. It includes the basic security settings that should apply to all systems. What type of document should she create?
Baseline

What type of security monitoring tool would be most likely to identify an unauthorized change to a computer system?
System integrity monitoring

What ISO security standard can help guide the creation of an organization's security policy?
27002

Tom is the IT manager for an organization that experienced a server failure that affected a single business function. What type of plan should guide the organization's recovery effort?
Business continuity plan (BCP)

Val would like to limit the websites that her users visit to those on an approved list of pre-cleared sites. What type of approach is Val advocating?
Whitelisting

What type of publication is the primary working product of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)?
Request for comment (RFC)

What type of organizations are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Act?
Publicly traded companies

Nancy performs a full backup of her server every Sunday at 1 A.M. and differential backups on Mondays through Fridays at 1 A.M. Her server fails at 9 A.M. Wednesday. How many backups does Nancy need to restore?
2

Betty visits a local library with her young children. She notices that someone using a computer terminal in the library is visiting pornographic websites. What law requires that the library filter offensive web content for minors?
Children's Internet Protection Act (CIPA)

What is NOT a service commonly offered by unified threat management (UTM) devices?
Wireless network access

What tool might be used by an attacker during the reconnaissance phase of an attack to glean information about domain registrations?
Whois

Which activity manages the baseline settings for a system or device?
Configuration control

Which element of the security policy framework offers suggestions rather than mandatory actions?
Guideline

What protocol is responsible for assigning IP addresses to hosts on most networks?
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP)

Matthew captures traffic on his network and notices connections using ports 20, 22, 23, and 80. Which port normally hosts a protocol that uses secure, encrypted connections?
22

Barry discovers that an attacker is running an access point in a building adjacent to his company. The access point is broadcasting the security set identifier (SSID) of an open network owned by the coffee shop in his lobby. Which type of attack is likely taking place?
Evil twin

Allie is working on the development of a web browser and wants to make sure that the browser correctly implements the Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) standard. What organization's documentation should she turn to for the authoritative source of information?
World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)

What is a set of concepts and policies for managing IT infrastructure, development, and operations?


What type of system is intentionally exposed to attackers in an attempt to lure them out?
Honeypot

What wireless security technology contains significant flaws and should never be used?
Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP)

George is the risk manager for a U.S. federal government agency. He is conducting a risk assessment for that agency's IT risk. What methodology is best suited for George's use?
Risk Management Guide for Information Technology Systems (NIST SP800-30)


Beth is conducting a risk assessment. She is trying to determine the impact a security incident will have on the reputation of her company. What type of risk assessment is best suited to this type of analysis?
Qualitative

Henry is creating a firewall rule that will allow inbound mail to the organization. What TCP port must he allow through the firewall?
25

Bob received a message from Alice that contains a digital signature. What cryptographic key does Bob use to verify the digital signature?
Alice's public key

Gina is preparing to monitor network activity using packet sniffing. Which technology is most likely to interfere with this effort if used on the network?
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)

Which tool can capture the packets transmitted between systems over a network?
Protocol analyzer

Earl is preparing a risk register for his organization's risk management program. Which data element is LEAST likely to be included in a risk register?
Risk survey results

What federal agency is charged with the mission of promoting "U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards, and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life?"
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)


Which of the following allows a certificate authority (CA) to revoke a compromised digital certificate in real time?
Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP)

Mark is considering outsourcing security functions to a third-party service provider. What benefit is he most likely to achieve?
Access to a high level of expertise


What mathematical problem forms the basis of most modern cryptographic algorithms?
Factoring large primes

Which of the following items would generally NOT be considered personally identifiable information (PII)?
Trade secret


Gary is troubleshooting a security issue on an Ethernet network and would like to look at the Ethernet standard. What publication should he seek out?
IEEE 802.3

What is a key principle of risk management programs?
Don't spend more to protect an asset than it is worth.

Which organization promotes technology issues as an agency of the United Nations?
International Telecommunication Union (ITU)

Erin is a system administrator for a federal government agency. What law contains guidance on how she may operate a federal information system?
Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA)


In which type of attack does the attacker attempt to take over an existing connection between two systems?
Session hijacking

Tomahawk Industries develops weapons control systems for the military. The company designed a system that requires two different officers to enter their access codes before allowing the system to engage. Which principle of security is this following?
Separation of duties
